Add additional context about JSON (#668)
bufbuild/protobuf-es: docs/runtime_api.md

});
```

The initializer object accepted by all message constructors is of type
[`PartialMessage<T>`](src-partial-message) where `T` is your message type. So
in the above example, the initializer object is of type `PartialMessage<User>`.
`PartialMessage` is similar to the TypeScript built-in type `Partial`, but works
recursively. For more details, see the below section on [Advanced TypeScript types](#advanced-typescript-types).

If you need to define the initializer object independent of the constructor,
then be sure to use a type assertion, otherwise you may see unexpected compile
errors with `oneof` fields. In TypeScript 4.9 and above, it is recommended to
use `satisfies`.

```typescript
const obj = {
  firstName: "Homer",
  active: true,
  manager: {
    lastName: "Burns",
  },
} satisfies PartialMessage<User>;

const user = new User(obj);
```

> Otherwise, use the `as` keyword:
> 
> ```typescript
> const obj = {
>   firstName: "Homer",
>   active: true,
>   manager: {
>     lastName: "Burns",
>   },
> } as PartialMessage<User>;
> 
> const user = new User(obj);

Reviewer: We should not recommend to use `as`. This is that the `case` property of a literal is typed as `string`. `as const` is the better solution here:

```suggestion
If you are not using TypeScript 4.9 yet, use `as const` instead of `satisfies PartialMessage<User>`.
```
